Update resourceaccess.md (#15515)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/resourceaccess.md

## Properties
| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|id|GUID|The unique identifier for one of the [oauth2PermissionScope](permissionscope.md) or [appRole](approle.md) instances that the resource application exposes.|

> |type|String|Specifies whether the **id** property references an [oauth2PermissionScope](permissionscope.md) or an [appRole](approle.md). The possible values are: `Scope` (for OAuth 2.0 permission scopes) or `Role` (for app roles).|

Author: Or perhaps we should simply use `permissionScope`?

Reviewer: Thank you @jiasli for raising catching that and raising this PR. Yes, you're right, should be **permissionScope**. But for the sake of clarity (because oauth2PermissionScopes is the other term for delegated permissions), I also recommend that we add the word "oauth2PermissionScope" in brackets to remove ambiguity. I've updated your comment to a change suggestion.

Reviewer 2: We should use "permissionScope" if we're referring to the type, and "oauth2PermissionScopes" if we're referring to the property. We should avoid using the singular form "oauth2PermissionScope", as that is neither a property nor a type name. We can use the terms "delegated permission" and "app role" when we are referring to these things generally, rather than to a type or property name.

```suggestion
|id|Guid|The unique identifier of an [app role](approle.md) or [delegated permission](permissionScope.md) exposed by the resource application. For delegated permissions, this should match the **id** property of one of the [delegated permissions](permissionscope.md) in the **oauth2PermissionScopes** collection of the resource application's [service principal](serviceprincipal.md). For app roles (application permissions), this should match the **id** property of an [app role](approle.md) in the **appRoles** collection of the resource application's [service principal](serviceprincipal.md).|
|type|String|Specifies whether the **id** property references a [delegated permission](permissionscope.md) or an [app role](approle.md) (application permission). The possible values are: `Scope` (for delegated permissions) or `Role` (for app roles).|
```

Author: Great suggestion! This is crystal clear!

Author: > We can use the terms "delegated permission" and "app role" when we are referring to these things generally, rather than to a type or property name.

On the second thought, won't this add understanding cost to the reader? Like using `app role` for `appRole`, `delegated permissions` for `permissionScope`. These terms becomes unclear especially when used in a context where hyperlink is not available, like CLI in-tool help.
